README.md, before:

aeson-options
=============

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/serokell/aeson-options.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/serokell/aeson-options)
[![Hackage](https://img.shields.io/hackage/v/aeson-options.svg)](https://hackage.haskell.org/package/aeson-options)
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

Library providing sensible options for deriving JSON instances for records
automatically (using `deriveJSON`). Functions for defining `Generic` instances
are also included.

Most useful with record fields defined accordingly to [Serokell style
guide](https://github.com/serokell/serokell-util/blob/master/serokell-style.md)

## Build instructions

This project uses [Stack](https://docs.haskellstack.org/en/stable/README/).
Run `stack build` to build it.

## Usage

See [API documentation on Hackage](https://hackage.haskell.org/package/aeson-options)

## For Contributors

Please see [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) for more information.

## About Serokell

`aeson-options` is maintained by [Serokell](https://serokell.io/).

We love open source software.
See which [services](https://serokell.io/#services) we provide and [drop us a line](mailto:hi@serokell.io) if you are interested.

Commit message:

Add a deprecation notice
Problem: we've decided to deprecate this library.
Solution: write about it in README, remove CI badge because there is
no reason to run CI for it anymore.

README.md, after:

aeson-options
=============

**DEPRECATED**

This library is deprecated because its maintainers considered it useless.
The [aeson-casing](https://hackage.haskell.org/package/aeson-casing) package solves similar problems, consider using it instead.

[![Hackage](https://img.shields.io/hackage/v/aeson-options.svg)](https://hackage.haskell.org/package/aeson-options)
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

Library providing sensible options for deriving JSON instances for records
automatically (using `deriveJSON`). Functions for defining `Generic` instances
are also included.

Most useful with record fields defined accordingly to [Serokell style
guide](https://github.com/serokell/serokell-util/blob/master/serokell-style.md)

## Build instructions

This project uses [Stack](https://docs.haskellstack.org/en/stable/README/).
Run `stack build` to build it.

## Usage

See [API documentation on Hackage](https://hackage.haskell.org/package/aeson-options)

## For Contributors

Please see [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) for more information.

## About Serokell

`aeson-options` is maintained by [Serokell](https://serokell.io/).

We love open source software.
See which [services](https://serokell.io/#services) we provide and [drop us a line](mailto:hi@serokell.io) if you are interested.
